# dotfiles

To start, I'm not 100% a Linux user yet so that's why my dotfiles are pretty
sparse at this moment. I don't think that I will go full Linux for quite a while
because I feel like the experience is unreliable.

I've tried Fedora dual booting on the main PC, doing a weird `i3` setup on the
Chromebook with the Linux virtual environment (which is slept on by the way),
and just good old WSL on the Windows machines. There were always weird
workarounds or missing features that really just broke the experience for me.

For one, gaming is pretty much non-existent (I guess `proton` is a thing, but I
still can't play League or Hearthstone or anything really intensive). Two, I
feel like you have to spend so much time researching and perfecting the setup to
a point where it's just _productive procrastinating_. I'm trying to avoid that
rabbit hole of endless customization. I'm at a point where I feel like `tmux`
and `vim` are all I need for development, but hey `neovim` exists, so what about
that? And `i3` is probably _waaay_ cooler as an actual desktop environment (I
will admit that I enjoyed `i3` a lot, so much so that I tried `yabai` on the
MacBook, but that wasn't really the same experience). I'm glad I discovered
`tmux` early in 2024 because it helps out so much with productivity. I've been
so resistant to learning it for the longest time, but I realize that it wasn't
too bad especially because there is a plugin manager that I didn't realize
existed.

If I do go full Linux, I'd probably get a refurbished ThinkPad X1 Carbon. I like
that this device is slim and light, and the battery seems relatively long. I
don't think it's on the level of a MacBook, but this is a fraction of the cost
to be fair. In total, I would spend a maximum of like $300 on a refurbished
device because 1) the CPU doesn't need to be powerful since I want it to last
longer than 10 minutes on the battery, 2) the memory doesn't need to be crazy
high since I would be running Linux, and 3) it's an older device and there isn't
much point in overpaying for outdated technology (unless you're an enthusiast).

## Overview

- `tmux`
- `vim`
